Rework a bit the April content for step 3 (#620)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/updates/2020-04/7-data-quality-new-improvements.md

> # Data quality improvements

Author: ```suggestion
# Data Quality Insights made even more powerful
```

> To make sure all your products have enriched and consistent content, Data quality insights recommendations and grades are now also available for product models and for more languages.

Author: ```suggestion
To make sure all your products have enriched and consistent content, Data Quality Insights recommendations and grades are now also available for product models and for more languages.
```

> To make sure all your products have enriched and consistent content, Data Quality Insights recommendations and grades are now also available for product models and for more languages.

Author: ```suggestion
To make sure all your products have enriched and consistent content, Data Quality Insights recommendations and grades are now also available for product models. Our spell-check feature also now supports additional languages.
```

> To make sure all your products have enriched and consistent content, Data Quality Insights recommendations and grades are now also available for product models. Our spell-check feature also now supports additional languages.

Author: ```suggestion
Data Quality Insights recommendations and grades are now also available for product models to help you ensure that all your products have enriched and consistent content. Also, our spell-check feature now supports additional languages.
```
